 How to kill any process like nginx.
How many users are there in Linux .
How much RAM uses.
How many users are in your machine .
What is UID & GID.
How to check the size of all files in your directory.
Inline policy.
I want to change public subnets to private subnets and private subnets to the public .
Use of NAT gateway.
Suppose I have one EC2 instance that is in running state and I reboot the instance ,are there changes in my public IP?
Why we use Elastic IP?
What is the difference in ecs EC2 vs EC2 fargate? And which is better?
What is parameter group in RDS.
Types of records in route 53..
Which record you work and used..
What is alias in route 53 why we used?
Can I add SSL certificates for cloudfront?
Suppose I deployed my changes in cloudfront..& I want to clear the cache how can I do for that.
Cache invalidation in cloudfront?
How you gave jenkins access to ECS cluster?
Codepileline have how many stages?
How you configured deployed stage in AWS codepileline?
I have a jenkins server and I want to give access to anyone user ? What is the steps I have to do..
What is the range of private & public IP?
How you send the apache logs or nginx logs in grafana...how to send the logs to Prometheus? Who send the data to Prometheus & grafana..
Cloudwatch is free or paid?
I have an EC2 instance and I want to attach waf to it..how can I apply steps?.
What are the roles in waf?How does it work?

 IAM identify centre .
In a single block create 2 EC2 instances with different types.
For each meta argument.

 Inline policy use case?
I have to access S3 for any user :- create a role and be attached to Instance.
...
I already attached one role to an instance and now I want to attach another role..both roles I want..what can we do.
Types of EC2 
Default storage while launching the instance 
Volume types of family
Iops & throughput
Auto scaling and types 
Auto scaling steps
Load balancer types algorithms protocol why we used?
What is Gateway load balancer & protocol 
Internal ALB works on which layers? 7
If I want to used ALB for database which I will be used?
I don't want to delete EC2 server by any other user? terminal protection.
Without downtime change the server size.
Lost my ssh key of my prod server I want to ssh? How can I do.
Cool down & warm up period in target group.
Basic monitoring and details monitoring.
Vpc peering steps and used cases where we usef? another region or another account?
After peering what I will be able to do?
Both vpc have same cidr range can we create vpc peering?
While Route table associates which subnets we want to add after peering?
[9:55 pm, 5/9/2025] Rajesh TCS: How can I access the private database without using the bastion host? If possible then how? Like VPN
VPN vs VPC?
[9:55 pm, 5/9/2025] Rajesh TCS: Route 53 used for? Different Route Police used cases?
Alias vs CNAME
NS record 
SOA records

 If the private eks cluster is created and you want to access them...what are the steps...

 -What is Null resources & where we used?
-Life cycle policy in terraform 
-can you make some restrictions to create infrastructure on AWS by manually.
-terraform format vs validate.
-Terraform workflow 
-terraform workspace 
-

 Capacity provider
Container insides
In you task defination having 5 container..one failing how troubleshoot 
If one container health check is not healthy...
Secure ecs task.
How you monitor ecs cluster and service.
Hard limit and soft limit in ecs task defination.